very good to see you did you not wear a
shirt to torture me now what am I
supposed to do yeah you're trying to not
get me - I'm gonna just try to look
right at the part in your hair how are
you doing I'm good I'm happy to be here
I'm happier this is your first time here
without Abby it's almost lonely without
her here right yeah it's like it's I was
thinking like in the coffin that you put
talent in yes are you thinking am i less
nervous cuz happy now to be like oh my
god oh my god here we go here we go and
then you know in my last nervous or am i
more nervous allowance and I guess less
less alright
maybe Abby was the one driving it
exactly but you guys still work together
you produce shows together and that sort
of thing and now you have this santim
comedy special which is called the
planet is burning which makes it sound
like if you're flipping through a
documentary about climate change you
know but and that is part of but that is
not what it is no it's like a sign of
special that's you Charlie and
delightful in Houston Texas which seemed
odd to me why it's like I'm I guess I'm
kind of known as a New York Jew uh-huh
and and then the only other place I go
all the time is LA New York and LA and
everybody's like youth to meets or
whatever but it's like nobody on the
coasts are smarter than people in the
middle of the country everybody's just a
dumb American I guess yeah but when I go
on tour when I've been on tour it's so
cool to see how actually progressive and
diverse and queer and gay the middle of
the country is and I find that in Texas
ooh yeah it's funny
people who come up with an image of what
what people in use they're alike and
it's actually ridiculous to do that
Houston might be the most diversity in
the United States yeah I am I actually
cut this joke from my special it didn't
like work but you know Texas is the
place that made Beyonce and New York
made Trump that's true they should be
proud of that progressive we made that
guy so shameful you're from New York you
should be yeah and not just for that the
planet is burning
it is indeed I it the the title is like
my lens through which I yes my comedy
because I'm like sort of an optimistic
nihilist but also the lens through which
I wake up and go to bed every day I'm
like the planets burning the pond is
burning but um you know it's kind of
it's kind of funny in a sick way how the
planet is burning and our leaders don't
talk about it all day every day
shouldn't we be solving the problem of
the thing were standing it seems that if
there was like if there was a Godzilla
for instance that was burning everything
like Godzilla was shooting fire out of
its mouth right everyone every country
in the world would band together to kill
this Godzilla yep but we have a Godzilla
it's almost like it's almost like were
you gonna say punchline sorry no there
was no pun but thank you for thinking I
might have one it's almost like they
think they're gonna get in trouble for
admitting that the pan is burning like
it's gonna be their fault it's like no
bro it's not about you you know um it's
so pathetic and weak that they can't
figure it out well we have to figure it
out is the truth that's that's the truth
it's on us to figure it out and you're
doing something that you're going on a
stand-up tour starting in what at March
in March a March and you're doing
something interesting on the to explain
what you're gonna do on the tour okay so
um I'm
doing stand-up on in March around the
country but I'm also in every city that
I go to stand up I'm gonna stay an extra
day and throw a voter empowerment dance
party with my political organization
generator so people they register to
vote and then they will dance that's
right I mean at my Center and that's
right and and we dance for like 15
minutes at a time and then we like pause
and I call it synagogue announcement so
we pause for a temple time and and we
invite a Democratic candidate up and you
know I ask people you know get their
Instagram handle it's kind of like
canvassing through Instagram because
we're all scrolling scrolling scrolling
all day why only Democratic candidates
don't you want everyone to vote and
would it be funnier to see Republican
candidates just like it's just I mean
maybe 20 years ago maybe there could
have been an interesting conversation
between parties but it's not even
interesting anymore it's like human
rights versus anti human rights I'm over
it I don't need to I say also who am i
reaching you know I mean like I might as
well yeah better dancers yeah maybe the
[Laughter]
and also you'll like this that the title
of the whole combined tour is called
horny for the polls pol LS
[Applause]
yeah I might rule out most of the
Republican can married I have been
married for coming up on three years and
what does your husband do for a living
is a scientist and he has a biotech
startup hahaha so he's like a genius
right he's literally a genius so just do
you I mean he picked me friends and I
assume he's got his group of friends go
we were friends and does that ever do
that does that crossover like do you
hang around with the the scientists
actually um David's partner how Tian is
the funniest is funnier than me like
these scientists are hysterical
um very specifically how channa he makes
um you wouldn't even believe he makes
like biotech memes that are actually
hilarious sometimes they go above my
head and I'm like what
but even that is funny you know when I
appreciate it like what can you think of
any of them are they too technical to
remember like something about like
handing out Halloween candy and these
kids think they're gonna get candy but
it's like a KitKat wrapper and when you
like it's split in half and it's a USB
plug and he's like but they're really
getting this and it's like one terabyte
of some simulation something very
specific brand of humor yeah biotech is
like hysterical and flirty
you know I'd you know what I've heard
quite a few of them are hysterical maybe
but flirty a lot of penis going on a
biotech industry yeah well it's great to
see you and I look forward to your your
stand-up special which people can see
it's called the planet is burning and
your stand-up tour if you want to if
you're horny and you want to go to the
polls
for you hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back
this holiday season by my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and illustrated
it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
so you know what to do